MakeInstanceUniquelyAddressable and RouteToSpecificInstance (#4789)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/messaging/routing.md

## Reply routing

Reply message are always routed based on the `ReplyTo` header of the initial message regardless of the endpoint's routing configuration. Only the sender of the initial message can influence the routing of a reply. Refer to documentation on [sending messages](/nservicebus/messaging/send-a-message.md) for further details.

## Make instance uniquely addressable

> Note: It is not advised to not have routing logic to address a specific instance be part of different logical sender as this tighly couples the sender its sending logic to the reciepient its deployment configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
```

When using a message broker, multiple instances of a scaled-out endpoint are consuming from the same address via the [competing consumer](/nservicebus/architecture/scaling.md#scaling-out-to-multiple-nodes-competing-consumers) model.

To address specific instances of a scaled-out endpoint, instances can be configured to be individually addressable by providing a unique discriminator to each instance:

The following queues will be created for endpoint `Sales` configured with discriminator `B`:

- `Sales`
- `Sales-B`

```c#
var endpointConfiguration = new EndpointConfiguration("Sales");
endpointConfiguration.MakeInstanceUniquelyAddressable("B");
```

Uniquely addressable instances are used for [callbacks](/nservicebus/messaging/callbacks.md) but can be used for other purposes like data partitioning with processing affinity or a form or processing prioritization.

```c#
var options = new SendOptions();
options.RouteToThisInstance()
options.RouteToSpecificInstance("B");
endpointInstance.Send(new MyMessage(), options);

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```

Recommendations:

- Avoid hard coding the discriminator for sending messages.
- Avoid sending to a specific instances of a different logical endpoint to prevent coupling.
- Avoid using `MakeInstanceUniquelyAddressable` for priority queues

```

## Reply routing

Reply message are always routed based on the `ReplyTo` header of the initial message regardless of the endpoint's routing configuration. Only the sender of the initial message can influence the routing of a reply. Refer to documentation on [sending messages](/nservicebus/messaging/send-a-message.md) for further details.

## Make instance uniquely addressable

> Note: It is not advised to not have routing logic to address a specific instance be part of different logical sender as this tighly couples the sender its sending logic to the reciepient its deployment configuration.

Author: I removed this and added recommendations at the end.

> Endpoints can be scaled-out and when using a message broker the default will be [competing consumer](/nservicebus/architecture/scaling.md#scaling-out-to-multiple-nodes-competing-consumers). If instances need to be addressable uniquely. This can be achieved by adding a suffix to the endpoint name like `Sales-InstanceB`. However, that will influence the logical routing to this endpoint as it can no longer be addressable as `Sales`. 

Reviewer: I'd probably state something like this instead: 

```suggestion
When using a message broker, multiple instances of a scaled-out endpoint are consuming from the same address via the [competing consumer](/nservicebus/architecture/scaling.md#scaling-out-to-multiple-nodes-competing-consumers) model.
```

> Alternatively, the endpoint can be configured to be uniquely addressable. This will result in the endpoint instance to listen to 2 queues. A shared queue, as would normally exists but it will also can a second uniquely addressable queue with a configurable discriminator that will result in a queue name suffix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to address specific instances of a scaled-out endpoint, instances can be configured to be individually addressable by providing a unique discriminator to each instance:
```

> The following queues will be created for endpoint `Sales` is configured with discriminator `B`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following queues will be created for endpoint `Sales` configured with discriminator `B`:
```

- `Sales`

> - `Sales-InstanceB`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Sales-B`
```
